we calendar divided okay can and Erica
they char made it so a veil and I would
have a charm in Kittanning would be
reverse them they're gonna matter buddy
here Jim Donovan in a little pressure
English
whenever you speak to jovica she may be
very reluctant to speak to you she may
not say hi she would not think I
contacted before when she's singing
she's probably the most confident
student we have he started teaching
these kids dance and what impact like
you know like what we see is more
improvement in their gross motor skills
fine motor skills and they try to show
some expressions on the facial
expression like if you see in children
with autism usually they don't show much
of an expression on their faces so now
they're trying to show those ones and
also the with them like you know like
they do love dance and they love the
music a lot of times a lot of the
students have high anxieties and the
reason why art is so important is
because it kind of pissed them in the
moment it kind of lets them forget about
everything else and makes them focus on
just what needs to be done
what we are trying to do is we're trying
to get them into like performance right
they can perform one deed maybe we can
have a performance on stage sometimes
parents feel that they don't have
anything so when they come here and they
have something such as an arts program
or a music program the parents are
filled with gratitude because other
organizations won't take them in for
anything so the fact that we can have
this arts program available for the
quantity of people that we have I think
it's the most beneficial thing when it
comes to access birthday party jananam
Christmas wedding an animal both ways
and that is opening did he come
particularly when he were around the
other segment isn't as I get these
parties around playin on my Brownwood
event music helps her speed get away so
she had no reason to say she prints